still before, and I sang down the Lawson Road.
One day as I was walking down the Lawson Road, the spirit spoken to me, filled my heart with joy.
One day as I was walking down the Lawson Road, while I'm in it,
While I'm in his care, in my Savior's care.
Oh, thank Jesus God, his arms all around me.
There's nothing but the Lord can't harm me for us.
I'm in his care.
Oh, mother, call her children Round the bedside While she lay there dying These are the words she says Cheerin' I'm bound to leave you Don't forget to pray While I'm in it, yes, no
While I'm in his care, in my Savior's care.
Oh, when Jesus got his arms all around me, there's nothing but the Lord can't harm me.
For I'm in his care.